What about the wonderful person?
What are you looking for me in such a hurry?
Quiet White
Of course I have something very important to ask you for help
It's the following.
Put this thing down into the cup
Let that trash Shen Long drink it
What is this?
This thing
It's what you pay for your embarrassment and waste everywhere
Is it only a rich woman who can be so arrogant?
Then you simply lose the ability to be a rich woman
No way.
I can't do anything to Shen Long, he's fine
Why are you talking nonsense?
We are friends
Is it Shen Rong's waste?
What ecstasy soup did I get you?
Let you let him speak first
Don't talk nonsense without you
I advise you not to chop your hands on anything
To do it or not to do it?
I wouldn't do such a thing.
I urge you to behave yourselves
Don't mess around
It's You
Talk about that trash in front of me, right?
Ah!
I'm going to ask you one last time.
Drug that trash Shen Long
You go down
Still not up.